FRs
1. Login user by checking given credential and atatch a token along woth profile data, Revoke token in case it is expired
 UC: Create a login screen
 UC: Enter user nama and password and login and display message in case login failed
 UC: Validate token and revoke in case consigured time is expired

2. Load promotions of company for customer and flash most latest in main container
 UC: On launch customer portal , in  a section of UI user should see promotion of company 

3. Customer should be able to report incident and initiate a claim by entering related data nd relevant documents and images
 UC: Create a UI to report incident
 UC: enter incident data and upload images
 UC: Create claim init screen
 UC: Enter claim data and uplaod dcos

4. Customer should be able view claim status and policy document along with other reports
 UC: Create a status screen and load data
 UC: Create a report screen with various filters like date range, policy no etc
 UC: Apply pagination to load more data desplayed in a report
 UC: Provide a feature to download the report in excel and pdf format

5. Customer should be able to contact or to take appointment with company advisor
 UC: Create a contact form
 UC: Enter contact data and set an appointment

6. Customer should e able to his profile data
 UC: Create screen to load and update profile data
 UC: Enter profile data and sabe the changes
7. Customer should be able to pay the dues via online portal and see invoice imidiatley after successful payment
 UC: Create a screen to load dues agains a claim and display total coverage of policy
 UC: User confirm the data and proceed for payment
 UC: Create payment form where he can choose and enter card/nb user detail and process payment


8. Login user by checking given credential and atatch a token along woth profile data, Revoke token in case it is expired
 UC: Create a login screen
 UC: Enter user nama and password and login and display message in case login failed
 UC: Validate token and revoke in case consigured time is expired

9. Partner user should be able to create a work order against a claim
 UC: Create a screen for work order
 UC: Enter work order data and images then save
 UC: User should be able to see incident data laong with images uploaded by customer in image viewer

10. Partner should be able to update status and upload images of vehical
 UC: create a detail screen of work order where user can update status with some remarks and can upload relevant images
11. partner should be able to ask a query to company user to proceed with work order and billing
 UC: Create a screen to post a query to company user
 UC: User will upload updated bills and final bills
12. Partner should e able to view various report.
 UC: Create a report screen with various filters like date range, work order no etc
 UC: Apply pagination to load more data desplayed in a report
 UC: Provide a feature to download the report in excel and pdf format



13. Login user by checking window user against AD and atatch a token along woth profile data, Revoke token in case it is expired
 UC: On launc of application check window user in AD and reload it to get the assigned token
 UC: Validate token and revoke in case consigured time is expired

14. User should able to see all policy and history of customer
 UC: create a screen and load data to see customer's all policy and history

15. User should be able to make changes in claim data for adjustmenr
 UC: Create a detailed screen to load claim data enetered by customer and update the same
 UC: Open associated incident data on screem and load images in image viewer
 UC: User should be able to see customer policy and product purchased in that policy and all product in case required.
 UC: User will send the claim summary to manager for approval and he then can see the status of claim 

16. User should be able to open an account for a customer
 UC: create a scree to create customer
 UC: enetr customer data and save/update

17. User should be able to open an account for a partner
 UC: create a scree to create partner
 UC: enetr partner data and save/update

18. Surveyor should be able to enter inspection data and images
  UC: create a screen to enter update and upload inspection data

19. User should eb able to view all reports
 UC: create U for displaying reports
 UC: download in excel an pdf
20. Manager should be able to approve and reject
 UC: create a UI to view all request
 UC: will approve or reject the request
21. User should be able to pay to partne
 UC: will pay and recieve invoice
 UC: can ceheck transaction status and print invoice
22. User should able to respond to any query
 UC: create a screen to respond queries from partner and user